Mini World


Our company is a one-stop shop for all needs of a trekking sojourn within the country. Starting from deciding on the trek trails for the customers via various customization 
options depending on their interests, costs, reviews etc.,  it also takes care of all the basic trekking requirements like booking tickets to reach the trek base, providing 
pickups and drops, booking hotels and camps, supplying required trekking gears and equipment. The registration process is pretty easy and can be completed by uploading details 
and paying the registration fee. Subsequently the customer can upload their pickup details and can resolve any queries they may have by talking to our employees, 
the company will then form trek groups. 
It also helps in initiating familiarity amongst trekking members by not only providing individual trekkers with the names of the other members of their group, their trek guides,
crew members etc., but also helping them to connect with each other through various chat features. Our company would further facilitate this social bonding by creating a mini
social media scene for catering to food, guides, trek-experience, camping etc. Maps, and important contact points within the trek would be an additional feature. Booking rates 
would be less for early birds and there would be lucrative discounts, customer loyalty programs, membership privileges along with referraland coupon codes which would be an 
incentive for many customers. Other additional features that our company would take care of within the trek could be offloading extra baggage during certain trekking points,
maintaining health standards and getting the customers to drop in their health certificates etc.The company has tie ups with camping and transportation companies throughout the
country which would ensure smooth and hassle free travel. 
Finally, after the trek, the customers can give their feedback and reviews about the trek which will help more people to know about our services and their experience.
